README.md, before:

# Auto renew contract

This contract allows StarknetID to offer a convenient and secure auto-renewal feature. By activating the automatic renewal you keep the possibility of cutting it at any time and won't pay the transaction costs, you will only be charged the price of the domain.
Here are the guarantees offered by this contract:

- Your funds will only be used to renew the domains you've chosen
- You can only be charged up to the limit you've chosen
- You can only be charged once a year
- You can only be charged if your domain expires in less than a month

This contract is not upgradeable, we cannot change its code. This means that even if we wanted to be dishonest, we could not circumvent these rules.

# Technical notes

Here are some technical choices we made:

### 1. You can renew a domain you don't own.
This is useful if you want your domain to be controled by a smartcontract but you still want to pay for its renewal.

### 2. You can create multiple flows of spendings
You can create as many flows of spendings as you want, for multiple domains or even the same domain. If you open two flows for the same domain it will still be renewed only once a year because we can only renew it if it expires in less than a month.

### 3. You need initial parameters to disable a flow of spending
When you create a flow of spending, you specify for which domain it is valid and what yearly allowance (limit_price) you give to this contract. To disable this allowance you need to use the same account and provide the same domain and limit_price. We emit events to allow users to easily retrieve their existing allowances (so they will be able to see them in the front).
Using limit_price as key and not a value in the storage mapping is a storage optimization.

### 4. Admin
This contract is controled by an admin who has the ability to fully disable the contract renewals for ever (if a vulnerability was found or the contract deprecated). It has also the power to change the allowed renewer (address allowed to renew domains of other people). This allowed renewer has to be trusted by StarknetID (but not the users) because it is in control of the tax_price. If the admin or renewer was compromised, the latter would still do its job but do not send tax money to StarknetID.

# How to build/test?

This was built using scarb.

- building: `scarb --release build`
- testing: `scarb test`

# Deploy

First, create a `.env` file. You can use `.env.example` as reference. Just make sure to specify a `STARKNET_NETWORK` between (devnet, testnet & mainnet), and the associated `ACCOUNT_ADDRESS` and `ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY` prefixed by the correct network name. If no account specific to a network name is specified, it will fallback to unprefixed `ACCOUNT_ADDRESS` and `ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY`.

Here is how to setup the Python environment:

```
python3 -m venv ./env
source env/bin/activate
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

And to run the deployment:

```
python3 scripts/deploy_testnet.py
```

Commit message:

feat: remove unused approvals, update tests to include tax_price

README.md, after:

# Auto renew contract

This contract allows StarknetID to offer a convenient and secure auto-renewal feature. By activating the automatic renewal you keep the possibility of cutting it at any time and won't pay the transaction costs, you will only be charged the price of the domain.
Here are the guarantees offered by this contract:

- Your funds will only be used to renew the domains you've chosen
- You can only be charged up to the limit you've chosen
- You can only be charged once a year
- You can only be charged if your domain expires in less than a month

This contract is not upgradeable, we cannot change its code. This means that even if we wanted to be dishonest, we could not circumvent these rules.

# Technical notes

Here are some technical choices we made:

### 1. You can renew a domain you don't own.
This is useful if you want your domain to be controled by a smartcontract but you still want to pay for its renewal.

### 2. You can create multiple flows of spendings
You can create as many flows of spendings as you want, for multiple domains or even the same domain. If you open two flows for the same domain it will still be renewed only once a year because we can only renew it if it expires in less than a month.

### 3. You need initial parameters to disable a flow of spending
When you create a flow of spending, you specify for which domain it is valid and what yearly allowance (limit_price) you give to this contract. To disable this allowance you need to use the same account and provide the same domain and limit_price. We emit events to allow users to easily retrieve their existing allowances (so they will be able to see them in the front).
Using limit_price as key and not a value in the storage mapping is a storage optimization.

### 4. Your flow capacity is what will be spent
The flow capacity (limit_price) is what will be taken from your account, even if the domain is less expensive. This allows us to optimize the contract execution to not want to encourage users to allow more than require. We maintain the technical possibility of recovering the funds in case someone makes a mistake but we do not guarantee the fact of returning them, especially for a small amount.

### 5. Admin
This contract is controled by an admin who has the ability to fully disable the contract renewals for ever (if a vulnerability was found or the contract deprecated). It has also the power to change the allowed renewer (address allowed to renew domains of other people). This allowed renewer has to be trusted by StarknetID (but not the users) because it is in control of the tax_price. If the admin or renewer was compromised, the latter would still do its job but do not send tax money to StarknetID.

# How to build/test?

This was built using scarb.

- building: `scarb --release build`
- testing: `scarb test`

# Deploy

First, create a `.env` file. You can use `.env.example` as reference. Just make sure to specify a `STARKNET_NETWORK` between (devnet, testnet & mainnet), and the associated `ACCOUNT_ADDRESS` and `ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY` prefixed by the correct network name. If no account specific to a network name is specified, it will fallback to unprefixed `ACCOUNT_ADDRESS` and `ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY`.

Here is how to setup the Python environment:

```
python3 -m venv ./env
source env/bin/activate
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

And to run the deployment:

```
python3 scripts/deploy_testnet.py
```
